Prachet Shah ISS Interview Experience
Institutional Shareholder Services(ISS) Interview Questions - 13/07/2023
Aptitude Test (Toughest Round of the Process)
The first Section was Programming Languages Fundamentals. It consisted of 17 Java
Questions from topics like Threads, OOP concepts like Inheritance, Encapsulation, Constructors, Access Specifiers, static keywords, etc and around 16 Python Questions which consisted of topics like lists, OOPs in Python, Lambda Functions, etc.
The second Section was DBMS, which consisted of SQL Queries and their outputs
The third Section was Aptitude Questions which consisted of 30 questions from topics like Probability, Distance, Work and Time, etc.
It has +1 for each correct answer and -0.25 for each incorrect answer and solving maximum questions from each section was the key.
Round 1 Tech Round -> Abhishek/Suyog
Started with my Introduction and then went to Internships and Work Experience Related
1. Deep Dive on Resume - Work Experience
2. Kind of projects during internships and tech stack used. Challenges faced during them and what was my contribution to projects.
3. At my current internship, I am working on automation scripts, so they asked about different software used for automation and deep dive into automation concepts like actions, events, and methods used to help perform actions on dynamic loading scripts with Selenium
4. How to make actions more human-lookable and ways to achieve them using randomise function while sleeping and adding conditional sleeping between activities with randomise.
DSA and Logic Based
1. Algorithm and Explanation of Merge Sort
2. Algorithm of explanation of Bubble sort
3. Fibonacci Series and code
4. List vs tuple
5. How to append, update and delete in set and list
SQL
1. Left join
2. Primary key and unique
Development Related
1. Flask vs Django
2. Pandas numpy, column multiplication
3. Issues faced in a project
4. REST APIs
5. Diff between POST and PUT
Team Related and Preferences
1. ISS team fit questions on their stack and preference for roles
2. Asked about ISS, what ISS does and why I want to work for ISS
Round 2 HR Round -> Jyoti/Deepesh
Introduction, Education, About my Family, Hobbies, Asked for Future Plans, Went through the conditions and rules about joining ISS and if I agree with blocking policy
Verdict - Selected
